docs/funcommands.md, before:

---
id: funcommands
title: Fun Commands 🎈
slug: /fun-commands
---

## Table of Commands

All commands are listed in alphabetical order! Each command comes with an example and usage description, as well as permission needed to run the command and timeout between each usage in seconds!

| Command        |    Example    |  Usage  |  Permission  |  Timeout  |
| -------------  | :-----------: | -----  |  ----------  |  -------  |
| /8ball    | /8ball [question] | Get an answer to any question! | N/A | N/A |
| /cat        | /cat | See some cute cats! Meow 😺! | N/A | N/A |
| /coinflip    | /coinflip [Heads/Tails] | Flip a coin! | N/A | N/A |
| /diceroll    | /diceroll | Roll a 6-sided dice! | N/A | N/A |
| /insult    | /insult | Return a random insult (SFW). | N/A | N/A |
| /lmgt    | /lmgt [search] | Someone asking stupid questions? Let me google that! | N/A | N/A |
| /lookup    | /lookup [ipdomain] | Lookup an IP address or hostname with information. | N/A | N/A |
| /meme    | /meme | Request a random meme from r/memes & r/dankmemes! | N/A | N/A |
| /ping        | /ping | Pong! | N/A | N/A |
| /psychopass    | /psychopass [@user] | Check the user's estimated crime coefficient! | N/A | N/A |
| /randomgif        | /randomgif [searchtag] | Get a random returned gif matching your tag/key word! | N/A | N/A |
| /rps    | /rps [choice] | Rock, paper, scissors! | N/A | N/A |
| /say        | /say [message] | Tell me what to say! | N/A | N/A |
| /slots        | /slots | Spin the machine and play a game of slots! 🎰 | N/A | N/A |
| /urbandictionary        | /urbandictionary [word] | Lookup a word in the Urban Dictionary. | N/A | N/A |

Commit message:

(v2.4.5/.6) Match two new commands.
+ Match the update of destiny and customembed commands.
+ Also added Vote for Elite Bot onto the header of the docs site.

docs/funcommands.md, after:

---
id: funcommands
title: Fun Commands 🎈
slug: /fun-commands
---

## Table of Commands

All commands are listed in alphabetical order! Each command comes with an example and usage description, as well as permission needed to run the command and timeout between each usage in seconds!

| Command        |    Example    |  Usage  |  Permission  |  Timeout  |
| -------------  | :-----------: | -----  |  ----------  |  -------  |
| /8ball    | /8ball [question] | Get an answer to any question! | N/A | N/A |
| /cat        | /cat | See some cute cats! Meow 😺! | N/A | N/A |
| /coinflip    | /coinflip [Heads/Tails] | Flip a coin! | N/A | N/A |
| /destiny2 vendor    | /destiny2 vendor [name: XUR] | [Work in progress!] Get the currently sold items for any vendor. | N/A | N/A |
| /diceroll    | /diceroll | Roll a 6-sided dice! | N/A | N/A |
| /insult    | /insult | Return a random insult (SFW). | N/A | N/A |
| /lmgt    | /lmgt [search] | Someone asking stupid questions? Let me google that! | N/A | N/A |
| /lookup    | /lookup [ipdomain] | Lookup an IP address or hostname with information. | N/A | N/A |
| /meme    | /meme | Request a random meme from r/memes & r/dankmemes! | N/A | N/A |
| /ping        | /ping | Pong! | N/A | N/A |
| /psychopass    | /psychopass [@user] | Check the user's estimated crime coefficient! | N/A | N/A |
| /randomgif        | /randomgif [searchtag] | Get a random returned gif matching your tag/key word! | N/A | N/A |
| /rps    | /rps [choice] | Rock, paper, scissors! | N/A | N/A |
| /say        | /say [message] | Tell me what to say! | N/A | N/A |
| /slots        | /slots | Spin the machine and play a game of slots! 🎰 | N/A | N/A |
| /urbandictionary        | /urbandictionary [word] | Lookup a word in the Urban Dictionary. | N/A | N/A |
