docs/moderationcommands.md, before:

---
id: moderationcommands
title: Moderation Commands 🛡️
slug: /moderation-commands
---

## Table of Commands

All commands are listed in alphabetical order! Each command comes with an example and usage description, as well as permission needed to run the command and timeout between each usage in seconds!

| Command        |    Example    |  Usage  |  Permission  |  Timeout  |
| -------------  | :-----------: | -----  |  ----------  |  -------  |
| /ban        | /ban [@user] [Delete none/24 hours/7 days] [reason] | Ban a user from your guild! | Ban Members | N/A |
| /bantemp    | /tempban [@user] [duration] [Delete none/24 hours/7 days] [reason] | Ban a user temporarily from your guild! | Ban Members | N/A |
| /channelarchive        | /channelarchive [#channel] | Archive an old or unused channel into a archive category. | Manage Channels | N/A |
| /channellock        | /channellock [#channel] | Lock a channel from everyone. | Manage Channels | N/A |
| /channelunlock        | /channelunlock [#channel] | Unlock a channel from everyone. | Manage Channels | N/A |
| /createtemplate        | /createtemplate [name] [description] | Create a new template for your guild. | Manage Guild | N/A |
| /kick        | /kick [@user] [reason] | Kick a user from your guild! | Kick Members | N/A |
| /purge        | /purge [messages] [optional: @user] | Purge messages within a channel (or a specific user's messages). | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /rolegive        | /rolegive [@user] [@role] | Give a role to a user! | Manage Roles | N/A |
| /roleremove        | /roleremove [@user] [@role] | Remove a role from a user! | Manage Roles | N/A |
| /timeout        | /timeout [@user] [duration] [reason] | Purge messages within a channel (or a specific user's messages). | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /warn        | /warn [@user] [reason] | Warn a user in your guild! | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /warncheck        | /warncheck [@user] | Check a user's current warnings within this guild! | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /warnrevoke        | /warnrevoke [@user] [warnid] | Revoke a user's current warn in your guild! | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /xpadd        | /xpadd [@user] [amount] | Add XP to a user in your guild. | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /xpremove        | /xpremove [@user] [amount] | Remove XP to a user in your guild. | Moderate Members | N/A |

Commit message:

(v2.2.0) Updated to match new commands.
+ Added new Elite Bot commands: voicecounttoggle, meme, setnickname, quickpoll, shortenurl.

docs/moderationcommands.md, after:

---
id: moderationcommands
title: Moderation Commands 🛡️
slug: /moderation-commands
---

## Table of Commands

All commands are listed in alphabetical order! Each command comes with an example and usage description, as well as permission needed to run the command and timeout between each usage in seconds!

| Command        |    Example    |  Usage  |  Permission  |  Timeout  |
| -------------  | :-----------: | -----  |  ----------  |  -------  |
| /ban        | /ban [@user] [Delete none/24 hours/7 days] [reason] | Ban a user from your guild! | Ban Members | N/A |
| /bantemp    | /tempban [@user] [duration] [Delete none/24 hours/7 days] [reason] | Ban a user temporarily from your guild! | Ban Members | N/A |
| /channelarchive        | /channelarchive [#channel] | Archive an old or unused channel into a archive category. | Manage Channels | N/A |
| /channellock        | /channellock [#channel] | Lock a channel from everyone. | Manage Channels | N/A |
| /channelunlock        | /channelunlock [#channel] | Unlock a channel from everyone. | Manage Channels | N/A |
| /createtemplate        | /createtemplate [name] [description] | Create a new template for your guild. | Manage Guild | N/A |
| /kick        | /kick [@user] [reason] | Kick a user from your guild! | Kick Members | N/A |
| /purge        | /purge [messages] [optional: @user] | Purge messages within a channel (or a specific user's messages). | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /rolegive        | /rolegive [@user] [@role] | Give a role to a user! | Manage Roles | N/A |
| /roleremove        | /roleremove [@user] [@role] | Remove a role from a user! | Manage Roles | N/A |
| /setnickname        | /setnickname [@user] [nickname] [Optional: reason] | Set a nickname for a user in this guild! | Manage Roles | N/A |
| /timeout        | /timeout [@user] [duration] [reason] | Purge messages within a channel (or a specific user's messages). | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /warn        | /warn [@user] [reason] | Warn a user in your guild! | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /warncheck        | /warncheck [@user] | Check a user's current warnings within this guild! | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /warnrevoke        | /warnrevoke [@user] [warnid] | Revoke a user's current warn in your guild! | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /xpadd        | /xpadd [@user] [amount] | Add XP to a user in your guild. | Moderate Members | N/A |
| /xpremove        | /xpremove [@user] [amount] | Remove XP to a user in your guild. | Moderate Members | N/A |
