docs/musiccommands.md, before:

---
id: musiccommands
title: Music Commands 🎵
slug: /music-commands
---

This section provides a general list of the available music commands within the latest Elite Music build.

## Table of Music Commands
All commands are listed in alphabetical order! Each command comes with an example and usage description, as well as permission needed to run the command and timeout between each usage in seconds!

| Command        |    Example    |  Usage  |
| -------------  | ----------- | -----  |
| /audiofilter        | /audiofilter [optional: filter] | Check or toggle audio filters! |
| /back        | /back | Play the previous song! |
| /clearqueue        | /clearqueue | Clear the current music queue! |
| /jumpqueue        | /jumpqueue [song] | Jump to a specific song in the queue! |
| /loop        | /loop [Off/Track/Queue/Autoplay] | Set the loop type! |
| /nowplaying        | /nowplaying | Check the currently playing song! |
| /pause        | /pause | Pause the current song at the current time! |
| /play        | /play [music] | Place a song into the queue! |
| /playnext        | /playnext [music] | Add a song to the top of the queue! |
| /plex play        | /plex play [music] | Play a song into the queue! |
| /plex search        | /plex search [music] | Search songs and playlists. |
| /queue        | /queue | Check the current music that is in the queue! |
| /queuehistory        | /queuehistory | Check the past history of the queue within the guild! |
| /remove        | /remove [song] | Remove a specific song from the queue! |
| /seek        | /seek [time] | Seek to another time in the current song! |
| /shuffle        | /shuffle | Shuffle the current queue! |
| /skip        | /skip | Skip the current song! |
| /stop        | /stop | Stops any music playing! |
| /volume        | /volume [optional: amount] | Check or set the current music volume! |

Commit message:

Sync with Elite Music v1.4
+ Added the /lyrics command to the appropriate section.
+ New blog post about Elite Music v1.3 + v1.4 updates.

docs/musiccommands.md, after:

---
id: musiccommands
title: Music Commands 🎵
slug: /music-commands
---

This section provides a general list of the available music commands within the latest Elite Music build.

## Table of Music Commands
All commands are listed in alphabetical order! Each command comes with an example and usage description, as well as permission needed to run the command and timeout between each usage in seconds!

| Command        |    Example    |  Usage  |
| -------------  | ----------- | -----  |
| /audiofilter        | /audiofilter [optional: filter] | Check or toggle audio filters! |
| /back        | /back | Play the previous song! |
| /clearqueue        | /clearqueue | Clear the current music queue! |
| /jumpqueue        | /jumpqueue [song] | Jump to a specific song in the queue! |
| /loop        | /loop [Off/Track/Queue/Autoplay] | Set the loop type! |
| /lyrics        | /lyrics [query] | Get the lyrics for a song! |
| /nowplaying        | /nowplaying | Check the currently playing song! |
| /pause        | /pause | Pause the current song at the current time! |
| /play        | /play [music] | Place a song into the queue! |
| /playnext        | /playnext [music] | Add a song to the top of the queue! |
| /plex play        | /plex play [music] | Play a song into the queue! |
| /plex search        | /plex search [music] | Search songs and playlists. |
| /queue        | /queue | Check the current music that is in the queue! |
| /queuehistory        | /queuehistory | Check the past history of the queue within the guild! |
| /remove        | /remove [song] | Remove a specific song from the queue! |
| /seek        | /seek [time] | Seek to another time in the current song! |
| /shuffle        | /shuffle | Shuffle the current queue! |
| /skip        | /skip | Skip the current song! |
| /stop        | /stop | Stops any music playing! |
| /volume        | /volume [optional: amount] | Check or set the current music volume! |
