docs/utilitiescommands.md, before:

---
id: utilitiescommands
title: Utilities Commands 🛄
slug: /utilities-commands
---

## Table of Commands

All commands are listed in alphabetical order! Each command comes with an example and usage description, as well as permission needed to run the command and timeout between each usage in seconds!

| Command        |    Example    |  Usage  |  Permission  |  Timeout  |
| -------------  | :-----------: | -----  |  ----------  |  -------  |
| /about        | /about | Information about Elite Bot! | N/A | N/A |
| /avatar        | /avatar [@user] | What user's avatar should be returned? | N/A | N/A |
| /botinfo        | /botinfo | Return information about Elite Bot! | N/A | N/A |
| /bug        | /bug [title] [description] | Submit a bug within this guild. | N/A | N/A |
| /bugreport        | /bugreport [title] [description] [reapeatability: once, few times, always] [Optional: imgurl] | Have you encountered a bug? Use this command to send a bug report directly to the developer. | N/A | N/A |
| /customembed        | /customembed [title] [description] [#channel] Optional: [#hexcolour] [author] [authorimgurl] [imgurl] [footer] [footerimgurl] [@pingrole] | Post a custom embed to a channel of your choice! | Manage Messages | N/A |
| /giveaway edit        | /giveaway edit [giveawayid] [changeprize/winneramount/accountage/requiredrole/addtime/subtime] | Edit the prize of a giveaway now within your guild. | Manage Events | N/A |
| /giveaway end        | /giveaway end [giveawayid] | End a giveaway now within your guild. | Manage Events | N/A |
| /giveaway reroll        | /giveaway reroll [giveawayid] [howmany] | Re-roll a giveaway within your guild. | Manage Events | N/A |
| /giveaway start        | /giveaway start [duration] [prize] [winners] [#channel] [Optional: accountage/requiredrole/pingusers] | Start a new giveaway for your guild. | Manage Events | N/A |
| /help        | /help | Get information about my commands! | N/A | N/A |
| /quickpoll        | /quickpoll [question] [choice1] [choice2] [#channel] | Create a 2 choice quick poll in a channel! | N/A | N/A |
| /shortenurl        | /shortenurl [url] | Shorten a long URL. Powered by teamsnaily.com | N/A | N/A |
| /suggest        | /suggest [title] [description] | Suggest something within this guild. | N/A | N/A |
| /userinfo        | /userinfo [@user] | Return information about a user's Discord account! | N/A | N/A |
| /vote        | /vote | Vote for Elite Bot on top.gg! Thank you for your support :D | N/A | N/A |
| /xpcurrent        | /xpcurrent [@user] | Check the XP of any user in the guild. | N/A | N/A |
| /xpleaderboard        | /xpleaderboard | Check the XP leaderboard of this guild. | N/A | N/A |
| /xprewards        | /xprewards | Display the role rewards for this guild. | N/A | N/A |

Commit message:

(v2.7.8-v2.8.2) Match Major buttons & Five M features/improvements.
+ Added mention of both button commands.
+ Fixed weird table scaling for utilities.

docs/utilitiescommands.md, after:

---
id: utilitiescommands
title: Utilities Commands 🛄
slug: /utilities-commands
---

## Table of Commands

All commands are listed in alphabetical order! Each command comes with an example and usage description, as well as permission needed to run the command and timeout between each usage in seconds!

| Command        |    Example    |  Usage  |  Permission  |  Timeout  |
| -------------  | :-----------: | -----  |  ----------  |  -------  |
| /about        | /about | Information about Elite Bot! | N/A | N/A |
| /avatar        | /avatar [@user] | What user's avatar should be returned? | N/A | N/A |
| /botinfo        | /botinfo | Return information about Elite Bot! | N/A | N/A |
| /bug        | /bug [title] [description] | Submit a bug within this guild. | N/A | N/A |
| /bugreport        | /bugreport [title] [description] [reapeatability: once, few times, always] [Optional: imgurl] | Have you encountered a bug? Use this command to send a bug report directly to the developer. | N/A | N/A |
| /customembed        | /customembed [title] [description] [#channel] Optional: [#hexcolour] [author] [authorimgurl] [imgurl] [footer] [footerimgurl] [@pingrole] | Post a custom embed to a channel of your choice! | Manage Messages | N/A |
| /giveaway edit        | /giveaway edit [giveawayid] [changeprize/winneramount/ accountage/requiredrole/addtime/ subtime] | Edit the prize of a giveaway now within your guild. | Manage Events | N/A |
| /giveaway end        | /giveaway end [giveawayid] | End a giveaway now within your guild. | Manage Events | N/A |
| /giveaway reroll        | /giveaway reroll [giveawayid] [howmany] | Re-roll a giveaway within your guild. | Manage Events | N/A |
| /giveaway start        | /giveaway start [duration] [prize] [winners] [#channel] [Optional: accountage/requiredrole/pingusers] | Start a new giveaway for your guild. | Manage Events | N/A |
| /help        | /help | Get information about my commands! | N/A | N/A |
| /quickpoll        | /quickpoll [question] [choice1] [choice2] [#channel] | Create a 2 choice quick poll in a channel! | N/A | N/A |
| /rolebutton        | /rolebutton [messageid] [title] [roletogive] | Add a role give/remove button to any of the bot's embeds or messages. | Manage Messages | N/A |
| /shortenurl        | /shortenurl [url] | Shorten a long URL. Powered by teamsnaily.com | N/A | N/A |
| /suggest        | /suggest [title] [description] | Suggest something within this guild. | N/A | N/A |
| /urlbutton        | /urlbutton [messageid] [title] [url] | Add a URL button to any of the bot's embeds or messages. | Manage Messages | N/A |
| /userinfo        | /userinfo [@user] | Return information about a user's Discord account! | N/A | N/A |
| /vote        | /vote | Vote for Elite Bot on top.gg! Thank you for your support :D | N/A | N/A |
| /xpcurrent        | /xpcurrent [@user] | Check the XP of any user in the guild. | N/A | N/A |
| /xpleaderboard        | /xpleaderboard | Check the XP leaderboard of this guild. | N/A | N/A |
| /xprewards        | /xprewards | Display the role rewards for this guild. | N/A | N/A |
