docs/welcomefeature.md, before:

---
id: welcomefeature
title: Welcome Feature
slug: /welcome-feature
---

## Enabling the Welcome Feature

By default, the Welcome feature is toggled off. Firstly, use the "/toggle welcome" command within your guild returning true to enable (or false to disable).

An Example of toggling the Welcome feature:

![img](../static/img/welcometoggle-example.png)

## Configuring the Welcome Feature

Next you need to configure the Welcome Feature for your guild! 

Firstly, use the "/welcome channel" command which conists of one argument which should be the channel you wish the bot to send user join messages to!

An example of setting the welcome channel:

![img](../static/img/welcomechannel-example.png)

Next, use the "/welcome embed" command which consists of two arguments, one being the title that the welcome embed message should have, and the second being the description that the welcome embed message should be set to.

An example of setting the welcome embed:

![img](../static/img/welcomeembed-example.png)

![img](../static/img/welcomefeature-embed.png)

And... that's it! The Welcome Feature is now fully configured and requires no other configuration.

Commit message:

(v.2.8.6 -> v2.9.4) Match latest updates.
+ Added cooldowns to all commands following the bot changes.
+ Added new customembed feature to the others section. Will be writing more in the future...

docs/welcomefeature.md, after:

---
id: welcomefeature
title: Welcome Feature
slug: /welcome-feature
---

## Enabling the Welcome Feature

By default, the Welcome feature is toggled off. Firstly, use the "/toggle welcome" command within your guild returning true to enable (or false to disable).

An Example of toggling the Welcome feature:

![img](../static/img/welcometoggle-example.png)

## Configuring the Welcome Feature

Next you need to configure the Welcome Feature for your guild! 

Firstly, use the "/welcome channel" command which conists of one argument which should be the channel you wish the bot to send user join messages to!

An example of setting the welcome channel:

![img](../static/img/welcomechannel-example.png)

Next, use the "/welcome embed" command which consists of two arguments, one being the title that the welcome embed message should have, and the second being the description that the welcome embed message should be set to.

An example of setting the welcome embed:

![img](../static/img/welcomeembed-example.png)

![img](../static/img/welcomefeature-embed.png)

:::tip

One of the recent updates has introduced the ability to use "/n" to create new lines! If you wish to create a new line within your description, you can now use "/n" to create a new line at that point!

:::

And... that's it! The Welcome Feature is now fully configured and requires no other configuration.
