docs/xpsystem.md, before:

---
id: xpsystem
title: XP System
slug: /xp-system
---

## Enabling the XP System

By default, the XP System is toggled off. Firstly, use the "/toggle xpsystem" command within your guild returning true to enable (or false to disable).

An Example of toggling the XP System:

![img](../static/img/xpsystemtoggle-example.png)

## Configuring the XP System

Next you need to configure the XP system for your guild! You can do this using the "/xpsystem settings" command alongside 6 arguments that you must fill in. Below is a table describing each.

| Argument Name | Example | Explanation |
| ------------- | :-----------: | ----- |
| xpmin | 5 | The minimum threshold of XP that should be given per message and per interval in voice chat. |
| xpmax | 25 | The maximum threshold of XP that should be given per message and per interval in voice chat. |
| xpmultiplier | 50 | This is the multiplier that each level should follow using a logarithmic equation. The higher the number, the more XP will be needed per rank! For example, at multiplier 50, lvl 1 requires 50 XP, lvl 2 requires 175 XP, lvl 3 requires 350 XP. |
| levelupchannel | #🍻main-lounge | This is where level up messages will be posted into one a user reaches the next level threshold. |
| intervalvc | 60 | This is the interval (in seconds!) at which XP is added to a user that is in a voice chat. For example 60 means that every 60 seconds, the user will receive XP whilst in the VC. |
| afkvc | #🕗AFK | This should be set to an AFK channel where gaining XP is blacklisted due to inactivity so no XP is given. |

An example of setting the XP system settings:

![img](../static/img/xpsystemsettings-example.png)

## Configuring role level rewards

:::tip

You can use the command "/xprewards" in order to check what the current level role rewards are!

:::

An additional feature, is to give roles to users once they cross a certain level threshold. This is very easily configured, using the "/xpsystem roleadd" command. The two arguments for this command are the role to give to the user and the level at which this should occur. Alternatively, you can use "/xproleremove" with a role argument to remove a role reward.

An example of adding an XP Role reward:

![img](../static/img/xpsystemroleadd-example.png)

And... that's it! The XP System is now fully configured and requires no other configuration.

:::note

There are many more commands that can be used within the XP System including leaderboards and more! Check these out within the Commands category of this documentation.

:::

Commit message:

(v2.4.7) Match new XP system setting.
+ Matches the new xptype setting for linear or exponential.

docs/xpsystem.md, after:

---
id: xpsystem
title: XP System
slug: /xp-system
---

## Enabling the XP System

By default, the XP System is toggled off. Firstly, use the "/toggle xpsystem" command within your guild returning true to enable (or false to disable).

An Example of toggling the XP System:

![img](../static/img/xpsystemtoggle-example.png)

## Configuring the XP System

Next you need to configure the XP system for your guild! You can do this using the "/xpsystem settings" command alongside 6 arguments that you must fill in. Below is a table describing each.

| Argument Name | Example | Explanation |
| ------------- | :-----------: | ----- |
| xptype | Linear/Exponential | Choose whether your levelling system should have levels incremented in a linear fashion (each level requires same amount of XP to the next) or exponential (lvl1=100,lvl2=150,lvl3=375.... higher increments each level)! |
| xpmin | 5 | The minimum threshold of XP that should be given per message and per interval in voice chat. |
| xpmax | 25 | The maximum threshold of XP that should be given per message and per interval in voice chat. |
| xpmultiplier | 50 | This is the multiplier that each level should follow using a logarithmic equation. The higher the number, the more XP will be needed per rank! For example, at multiplier 50, lvl 1 requires 50 XP, lvl 2 requires 175 XP, lvl 3 requires 350 XP. |
| levelupchannel | #🍻main-lounge | This is where level up messages will be posted into one a user reaches the next level threshold. |
| intervalvc | 60 | This is the interval (in seconds!) at which XP is added to a user that is in a voice chat. For example 60 means that every 60 seconds, the user will receive XP whilst in the VC. |
| afkvc | #🕗AFK | This should be set to an AFK channel where gaining XP is blacklisted due to inactivity so no XP is given. |

An example of setting the XP system settings:

![img](../static/img/xpsystemsettings-example.png)

## Configuring role level rewards

:::tip

You can use the command "/xprewards" in order to check what the current level role rewards are!

:::

An additional feature, is to give roles to users once they cross a certain level threshold. This is very easily configured, using the "/xpsystem roleadd" command. The two arguments for this command are the role to give to the user and the level at which this should occur. Alternatively, you can use "/xproleremove" with a role argument to remove a role reward.

An example of adding an XP Role reward:

![img](../static/img/xpsystemroleadd-example.png)

And... that's it! The XP System is now fully configured and requires no other configuration.

:::note

There are many more commands that can be used within the XP System including leaderboards and more! Check these out within the Commands category of this documentation.

:::
